This lecture is brought to you by Beaufort Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is Deacon Danny Kahoot.
Nobody has heard before, not even my brother.
I don't know if I've ever really got into human.
You know, our young people today are in trouble.
They're in big trouble.
With the pressure and the peer pressure, I can't imagine going to high school today compared to when I went to high school.
I mean, when I was in a high school, you know, you could get in an argument with your buddy, say, OK, we're going to meet up on the hill at North Elementary School.
We'll have this fight.
And after that, we're going to come down here on the court and we're going to play basketball.
And the word would spread.
I remember $50 named Doug Bennett.
Me and him were going to get it on over nothing.
And here's what it was over.
This is not part of the lesson.
I was telling another boy,
who I knew I could push down on Doug.
And it was a little bigger than me.
And I knew Karate.
And then I could take Terry Mott.
And so he was always kind of, so Doug said, well, you know Karate, let's go take care of some business up on the hill.
He challenged me.
In front of the whole class, I said, well, okay, we're going to go.
And so the words ran through the school, and after school, the whole school was up on the hill, ready to watch the fight.
I mean, we knocked down, dragged out, he kicked my butt man hard, could say, you know, congratulating, we went on down and played ball.
That's school back then.
You could fight, you could get, and it's over.
Your friends, but you fight.
But that has nothing to do with here, but just the kids today have no idea what we left behind, and they'll never get it.
I'm going to read one part of scripture here before we get into it, because
When you look at people's lives, it's real easy to pass judgment on somebody else the way they live, the way they think, the way they are.
But I'm telling you something, you live like you live because you think in your own heart that you're right and that's how you live.
Me, I live how I live because you know what?
You can't tell me I'm wrong.
I'm right.
That's how I conduct myself and you and every one of us,
The way we live is the way we believe is right.
But let's go.
The first verse I want to cover before I get into it.
And I'm going to get back into David again today because he's my favorite.
Because let me tell you something.
He had a totally, totally wrecked and messed up life.
All the way through it.
But yet Jesus Christ is going to set his throne on the throne of David and reign forever and ever and ever.
And the reason why David is one of my favorite characters in the whole Bible is because no matter how much he messed up, no matter how wrong he was, he's no different than anybody that ever walked on his earth.
But he always went straight back to God when he messed up.
He always went straight back and got it straight.
He always took responsibility.
He never said, yeah, I'm glad I'm not like him.
You know, I could have, you know, and I'm sure people pointing fingers at him through his life and all, but so many people today, as Christians, they justify their wrong by pointing out somebody else who is a little bit wronger, if that makes sense.
But I'm gonna start with James chapter two, verse eight first.
If you fulfill the royal law according to the scripture,
Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.
You do good.
You do well.
But if you have respect to persons, you commit sin.
Now that's a sin right there.
Every single one of us commit to a degree.
And I'll tell you why.
I'm going to pause there for just a second.
The lady's dead and gone there, but she used to come here and, and I didn't actually respect her or less more or less than anybody, but I knew good and well.
I ain't going to say your name because I don't want to do that.
After about three times in a short period of time, you come up and say, hey, how you doing?
She's going to tell you, if you got 20 minutes to 30 minutes, ask her how she's doing.
You know, when I was 13, and I sprained my ankle, and it went up into my hip, and then when I was 14, this happened, 15, this happened, and she would go through her life history of all of this stuff.
And you just sit there smiling.
She just showed up just for one minute.
I just wanted to know how you're doing this morning, not history.
So you get to where I would much rather have come in here
Hey, brother, how you doing?
You know, okay, well, I've had a rough week, but I'm doing okay.
And, you know, you're not gonna top 45 minutes.
And so, to sit, some people would say I would respect a person's by saying, oh, there she is, I'm gonna go this way.
I'll talk to her next week, I'll call on the phone, after all my work's done.
But let's get back here.
But if you have respect to persons, you commit sin.
Every one of us do a degree, commit this sin.
So let's get that out of the way.
And are convinced of the law as transgressors, for whosoever shall keep the whole law.
That means you can live a completely perfect life in everything.
You pray, you tithe, you go to church, you hear everything.
And yet, if in one point, we're guilty of it all.
So it goes on to say, for he said they're saying, do not commit adultery and also do not kill.
And if you commit adultery and yet if they'll kill, they'll become a true aggressor of the whole law.
For instance, you can come to church every time the door is open.
You can tie up your whole income.
But if you gossip,
You're just as bad as David is when he murdered Uriah, according to the scripture.
If we offend in our life in one point, we have no room to point a finger at anybody else.
We have to look at our own lives.
Now, that's not where I wanted to go with that, but I wanted to cover that part first before we actually get into the lesson
and get back today, but I'm gonna give you a little testimony of my life when I was growing up.
How I went so south being raised up in the family that I was, we were raised up, I'm telling you, in ministry, my mom and dad were one of five families that started the Grace Baptist Church Ministry in the basement of a house.
They would go out every week and build and build and build.
Finally, they decided to build another building, but those five families started that ministry and built it up to 400 people.
Christian school and everything, but the whole church.
So me and my brother were brought up in ministry.
That's all we ever knew on Sunday morning, Sunday night, Wednesday night, Thursday night visitation, prayer meeting on Wednesday night, sitting at the halls and then
and on Saturday's work day at the church and then back to Sunday, that's all this, all we knew.
So when I got around kids at school, they would go, hey, we got a party Friday, we got a party here, we got a business after I got a little older, but we were raised up in ministry.
But I remember specifically, and I don't know if you've ever even heard me talk about this, I got in a fight on a bus at school, on the way to school.
So the bus driver kicked me off of the bus and you came,
I had to bust no more this year.
This was, right this spring was hitting, the school was ended.
So I would walk home, I wouldn't tell my mom and dad that I got kicked off the bus.
So I would walk to school and walk home, I would leave early.
That's a long walk, well, not a long walk, that was, what, five miles, how far, how far, how far, how far from, from him, like, to the High Clone High School.
But I remember coming home from school and I was walking,
down endlessly and there was a little bit of buffering bottle.
I don't know if even make buffering anymore.
And I just started kicking that bottle man, just kicking it all the way down the highway, kicking it all the way down the highway, got all the way down.
It was like a three mile walk.
And I got to where the bridge overpasses the railroad tracks.
And I picked it up and threw it down because I would hop over the bridge and crawl under there and then walk the railroad tracks and cut through the woods to my house.
And I would kick that buff from bottle and kick that buff from bottle and I would kick it just having fun, kicked it all the way down to the edge of the road where it goes to my house.
I picked it up and opened it and it was full of pot.
I couldn't believe it.
I said, my goodness, that's first time I'd ever seen it, first time I'd ever smelled it, first time I'd had anything to do.
So I put the cap back on it and like a dummy, I knew some party heads at school.
I want my friends with them.
But all of a sudden when I said, what is this?
Oh, wow, man.
I instantly had friends.
Hear me growing up.
Church, church, church, church, church.
And here I was coming into my rebellious teens.
All of a sudden, I was somebody.
And I hate that thing in my pocket, walking around the school, what a thing.
Back then, that was, I mean, you could have, they wanted to meet me before school.
They wanted to meet me after school.
They wanted to meet me, and so long, so I figured out right then, I can have friends as long as I got weed.
And so I started saving and selling, doing bottles, cutting grass, and every time I got in to spend that, not that I wanted to smoke it because I wanted to fit in.
And I became, one through a course of time, is the go-to guy.
He's always got a joint.
And I did, I'll be honest with you, I did smoke some.
Not then.
It took me a while before I got a lot of courage to that.
for that.
But as I got a little older, my birthday was October 15th and I turned 18.
Back then, you could buy liquor when you were 18.
The rage won't 21.
You said, oh, well, you were a deacon in the church.
Let me tell you something.
This is history behind me.
God could have took me out just like that in any time.
But when I turned 18, I could, oh,
All these people, all of a sudden, I was the man, because they were too young to buy it.
I could buy it.
I could always have it every time I started working at Pizza Cab and every time I had, I went for peers.
So I could have this influence.
And it could have destroyed me.
And then I got out of that.
As time went on, I mean, I don't know how with my brother discerned that I was street running.
And when I was in 1976, he had had started to quartet.
He bought me a bass guitar for the Grace from Quartet then.
And he said, we was at this golf station on Crater Road.
Bob Stevel was playing.
He said, come watch this guy play.
Don't you just watch him play it.
I said I can't play the bass guitar.
Why did you get that he bought it?
I don't even know from your members So I went and I said okay, I watch him and I said I was watching him play at a golf station Just watching play I said that don't look I'll see what he's doing, but I'll just take it on my food, but I Took it on put on some lead Zeppelin and also My head was not in
I mean, I was one foot.
I was not cold and I was not.
I love church.
I love God.
I love.
Let me tell you something.
When I was 16 years old, I gave good and brought $1,000 on the mission field.
My heart has always been, I love God.
I love Christ.
Now $1,000 in the 70s was a tremendous amount of money, foolish to some people.
But I send it to him and he was in Bolivia.
My heart was always hungry for something.
I remember we went to camp and the man I prayed for my whole life, I'm going to get into some lessons.
And the man I prayed for my whole life that was on the mission field led me to the Lord on the Thursday night until the summer camp.
Anyway, that's different.
Anyway, I watched this guy play.
I took it home and I flew with it a little bit.
He called me that Saturday night and said, Bob, can't make it.
I've had to get to all one day.
This is the gospel truth.
McKinney Baptist Church down in, I was all cut back Baptist Church down in McKinney.
He called me, he said, you want tomorrow.
I said, what are you talking about?
Bob can't make it, you got to play.
He hadn't hurt me.
And I just got it.
So I showed up and I'm sure I've strummed a little bit with it and I feel in.
And God just instantly let it grow.
Let it grow.
Let it go.
He pulled me out of a fire.
I was destined to have a loser life.
And this isn't part of this.
I'm just sharing part of my testimony because it goes back to God sees your heart.
He knows what's inside.
He knows what's inside of every single one of us.
And we're all going to fail.
He gets called to preach.
We were riding with my dad on the way to work.
And he said that, I'm sitting in the middle.
He's sitting on the end.
Dad, I think, wasn't called me to preach.
We used to ride together.
He worked at the plant, too.
And I'm thinking in my heart, yeah, stupid.
And Dad, all of that said, you go with God.
You go with your heart.
He quit.
So he goes and gets, goes to Jimmy Musby's church over in colonial heights.
Come on to church, come on to church.
He got heft, not heft, but he got a bunch of his work buddies to go and watch a movie several of them got saved then.
After me to come to the church, come to the church, come to the church, come to the church.
I don't know if the Lord's leading me.
Talk about it because I love it every man.
This may not fit you spiritually.
But it's all about every single one of us is not one bit of difference in any of us.
If we fail at one point, we fail and all keep your heart and your mind and your heart always to him.
So he goes to be the assistant pastor at Jimmy Busby.
Come on, come on.
Months later, I said, okay, I'll come.
I go and I start going and I finally one foot in, one foot I joined.
Two weeks later, he comes here, he quits.
And I'm thinking, what?
But I joined.
But here's what happened.
There was a guy there named Peanut Gibson.
I fell in love with the man.
We started working together.
He started, come on.
He got me to go on visitation on Thursday nights with him.
And we would go.
And I got real close to this man.
And I did not know it at the time, but he was going home.
Every single week saying, telling my wife Teresa, I have found the man that you're going to marry.
She was 15 at the time.
I ain't coming to that church.
I ain't going to go to the grave for two years, he told her.
And I worked with Peanut Gibson in that church for two years before I even knew he had daughters.
And he was going on telling his daughter, I have found the man that you're going to marry.
We had a gospel saying that night, one night, New Year's
Eve had a watch night service, and the group was singing.
And I'm telling you this, because if it hadn't have been for him, I'd have never met my wife.
And we was, I'll never forget that Jack Wiltsch had worked there, and he, after we sang, he said, Danny, come here, come here, call me to the back of the church, and I said, Danny, there's a Teresa, Teresa, there's a Danny, and he walked away, and we just looked at each other.
What do you say?
And so I said, well, let's go get some ice cream.
We went and got some ice cream after church.
It has ice cream over and blown your eyes.
Got a number.
I'm going to promise you I'll get into some meat here in a minute, I promise you.
But the Lord is just leading me to say it.
I don't know.
I said, OK, I will do it.
So we went and got an ice cream.
Got a number.
I said, I'm going to give you a call.
Three months later, heading cold.
And another gospel sing, she comes back, Jack Welch, you sit right here.
And I said, I'm beside her and I said, I've been meaning to call you.
She's like, let's go get some ice cream after church.
We did.
Finally, that the third time we went out, we made an official date.
We were sitting right there at two, not Tuesday since the Stephen Kent restaurant.
She said, let's hello.
Third time we'd ever went out.
I didn't know her just two months, three months.
I said, what?
She said, let's go alone right now.
And now I said, I ain't doing that.
I got a big family.
People want to be involved with that.
So I went home to see Peanut.
I said, let's go talk to your dad.
Because I'm looking at this and I'm saying, man, I know me.
I know Peanut.
I know how Peanut has raised this girl.
To me, this is the best it's going to get for me ever.
It's not going, I mean, there might be, it's the best it's going to be for me.
I'm thinking this in my own, and I said, you know, she's pretty good.
I said, I'll do it, but I'm not an open.
We're going to talk to him.
I said, Peanut, he was working on El Camino's.
He had three of them, and he was sitting there working to hit the hood up on one.
I said,
Your crazy daughter wants to grow a loaf right now.
He pulled $500, $100 bills and laid them out on the hood at Adele communities, taken now before she taken changes from mine.
I said, no, peanut, I can't do that long story.
In your short, this year we celebrate 43 years.
And all this boils down to there's many, many other parts of my testimony that I've never really shared with them.
every step of the way in my life, my brother, God has used him to bring me for everything in my life.
Now it's been centered around how God has used him in my life.
All right, let's get into some more meat in here.
I don't know why the Lord led me to do that.
I was just going to talk about how I got
caught up in the world, and how easy it is for kids today.
We need to pray for our kids.
We need to be examples for them, not just you can't do this, it can't do to understand it.
When we tell them they're can't, we're doing something else just as bad, because we're guilty of it all.
Pray for heart.
Remember, me and Teresa, we are, and we'll get into this for just a minute and get, before we get into David.
We are, there's a Jewish man.
who lives on Woodpecker Road, he don't live there now.
Me and Tristan used to go over there and give out, get our pack of sheep sheared, daughter would do it.
Then Carlton Keith, he was a Jew, converted Jew.
He had a radio ministry and he would bet probably 800 to 1,000 regular listeners on a daily basis.
He, uh,
We was out there talking one day and he was telling me about that.
He was a converted Jew that he was thinking about.
He wasn't thinking about.
He was doing, he was having a boat built that it was big enough so that he could start taking Jews who wanted to go back to Israel back to Israel because those that have this yearning, he says, we all as Jews have a yearning to get back.
He says, my life's mission now is gonna be get out of the radio ministry and start traveling all over the world to take Jews back to Israel who wants to go.
He said, come on in and look at my studio.
So we go upstairs and we go in to look at the studio and pass them by.
We go down a little bit and go up some steps, but over to the side.
And he was, and I'm gonna tell you something before we, before I went in there, he was telling him, he was straight to the gospel, born in here, going to heaven.
I mean, he was just on fire, and he was just telling me all about his testimony, how he loved Lord Jesus, and he was just excited about being a Christian.
And this is how it's easy for us, our preference.
You may be convicted of one thing in one area, and may not.
Let's go to our songs chapter 90 real quick.
I might not have time to finish to get where I really wanted to go.
I was talking about talk as cheap, because I'm heading to, in the New Testament, how the Bible teaches us to add a fire on another, to opt left and not pull down.
to every single person is put into the church for a specific reason.
Not just this church, but any church.
We're all part of a body that needs to be examples of Christianity.
There's a difference in someone being saved and someone being a Christian.
A lot of people say they're a Christian that aren't saved, and a lot of people that are saved don't show Christianity.
I don't want to jump to that too quick.
You say, what does this got to do with where we are?
Well, she'll see in a minute.
Songs, 90.
This is the prayer of Moses.
David didn't like the songs.
At least that's what it says in my concordance here.
It's the prayer of Moses, the man of God.
And you'll see what I'm getting at when I get to it here in just a second.
Lord, thou has been our dwelling place through all generations before the mountains were brought forth, whatever,
thou hast formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.
Thou turnest man to destruction and save, return ye children of men.
A thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it's passed, and as a watch in the night.
That's a powerful verse right there, folks.
I mean, think about eternity.
How many people would all of a sudden just slip into it, and were wrong, and blew it, and oh my, I just can't imagine a thousand years being like yesterday, and since a lot of people have been in hell a long time, a lot longer than that.
Thou carries the waves with the flood, and they are as asleep in the morning, they are like grass, which grow with up.
He's talking about our days, our days,
of God.
I would love to go back and change parts of my life.
I would love to.
I can't do it.
But I've got tomorrow.
I've got future.
In the morning it flourishes and grows up in the evening it is cut down with earth.
For we are consumed by that anger and that wrath and we are trouble.
That was set our inequalities before thee and our secret sins in the light of thy countenance.
Here's where I was getting to when I was born to David.
The king David here, because if you will cover a couple of scriptures there, David was 70 years old when he died.
And I'll show you the scripture that shows that now in just a minute.
All of our days are passed away in thy wrath, and we spend our days as a day told, as a tale that is told.
The days of our years are three score and ten, that's 70.
The average life of a man, you look at the obituaries anywhere you look.
Average is 70.
The average of all around the world.
The average life of a man that lives, that born, that lives and born and dies around 70 to 75.
Every average.
My dad lived in 91.
There's reasons for that and we can't question God.
And if by reason of strength, that means if you're healthy,
They'd be four score, 80.
By God's grace, you've got good health.
You might make it to 80.
Yet their strength and labor of sorrow and it soon cut off and we fly away.
Now, I believe if you're over 80, that's an anointing from a holy God in heaven.
I think the average life of us, like right now, I'm 64.
I'm planning now that the Lord's gonna take me out around 70 because of their scripture here.
I'm not wanting it, but I won't be surprised if it happens because there it is.
But I've tried to live as good as I can.
I tried to live healthy.
Hey, I might make it to Haiti.
I might make it to 90 like my dad, but when I'm not gonna leave stones unturned in my life where I gotta leave a bunch of myths for somebody else to clean up behind me.
I don't mean tools and stuff.
I'm talking about a wrecked garbage, hell-raising life with somebody who goes, yeah, I don't know if he was saved or lost.
That's a sad thing when somebody dies and you don't know.
So teach us first, well, to number our days that we may apply our hearts to wisdom.
Okay, let's go to
Let's see.
2nd Samuel.
I'm gonna get into, I really wanted to get a lot further today than I am.
2nd Samuel, let's try, let me see where I'm at here.
Chapter five.
In verse, let's do these two.
I'm going to share some stuff about David's life.
If it was a living today, it'd be a whole lot of people that could say, man, yeah, he really loves God.
Oh, yeah, look at his life and finger pointing and pinpoint first three of chapter five.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king, came to the king to Hebron and the king David made a league with them and Hebron before the Lord.
And they anointed David king of Israel.
He was 30.
years old when he began to rain and he rained 40.
Now, we're going to jump ahead and other scripture there that when he died, he was 70, but he rained 40 years and he wasn't anointed until it was 30.
So he died at 70 years old.
He would think, why did God take him away that young?
I mean, to me, 70 is really young, but that's what's his days.
Okay.
Let's go to this chapter 13, and this is where we start talking about verse 13, chapter 5, verse 13, where it's easy to look at somebody else's life and make ourselves feel good about our own life.
To me, I don't understand how my mind is wrapped around how Jesus is going to look.
and said, that man is a man after my own heart, and I am going to reign on the throne of David forever and ever and ever and ever and ever because David is a man after my own heart.
Looking at it from the flesh point, from looking back and saying, what's he doing with all that wine?
You know, looking at the way we all are as a judgment, passing judgment, verse 13.
Now, as I'm studying this, I didn't know he had all these kids.
And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem.
You would think, my goodness, this is, and after he was come from Hebrew, and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.
These are the names of those born unto him in Jerusalem.
Shuma, Shoma, Nathan, Solomon, Ybar, Elishua, Napa, Chapia, on and on and on and on.
I mean, what would you think of me if all of a sudden I took you out?
I got 20 concubines over here.
You know, only half seven wives.
You said, hey, you're supposed to get in a church.
Yeah, look at you, all these women you got.
Look at this, this man, and Jesus, this is before Uriah, he murdered Uriah.
And God has seen that man is a man after my own heart.
To him, this is how they were brought up.
This is how they were brought up as in this culture, in this, we know that the United States is different than the Middle East.
Okay.
Here verse 18, and here's where the rubber beats the road and the difference between soul.
than what happened with David's life, verse 18.
The Philistines also came to spread themselves in the Valley of Euchaparepium.
They were coming to bring battle against Israel and David inquired of the Lord.
There's where, there's where this is it.
David didn't say, let's see, I don't know, let's, you go in and say, hey, Lord, can we take him?
If the Lord has said no, David wouldn't have charged.
He got
the wisdom and advice from the Lord, which Nathan was his seer, a seer back then is what we call a prophet today.
I'm not going to give you there.
Okay, and David came to Baal, Peter, and David smoked them there, straight on down to verse 23.
And David inquired the Lord and said, they'll shout, quiet the Lord.
And he said, they'll shall not go up, but fetch a compass behind them to make a long story short about all this.
is every single move David made in his life concerning the kingdom of Israel, concerning his life, not his sins, not his past, not what he does right or does wrong, and guidance in his life.
He sought the Lord and sought wisdom from God himself.
Okay.
Let's see.
Right.
I want to do this.
I'm not going to cover that one yet.
Let's go for it.
Let's go ahead.
Chapter 12.
Well, let's go back to chapter 11.
And I'm going to have to finish real quick.
I might have to cover this real quick.
But here you would think from the flush point, trying to figure God out because I tried to figure him out.
Why do you have mercy on me?
Look at what I've done in my past.
Look at what I said to this person.
Look at me yesterday going down the road, giving that guy the evil eye.
Look at all the stuff I've done.
But yet you have shown mercy and grace all the way.
Verse chapter 11 verse 1, and it came to pass after the years of expired at that time when the kings go forth the battle that David sent Joe had the servants with him, all of Israel.
And they destroyed the children of Haman and the siege of Rayboth, but David carried out Jerusalem.
And it came to pass in an evening outside, an evening tide that David rose from his bed and walked over to the roof of the king's house.
And from the roof, he saw a woman washing herself, and the woman was very beautiful to look upon.
David sent and inquired of after the woman and they said, it's not this Bathsheba, the daughter of William, the wife of Uriah, the hit tight.
And David sent messengers and took her and came in.
She came in with him and he lay with her and she was purified from her uncleanness and she returned to her house.
Well, she said she washed herself up real good because she wanted to go back home.
She was afraid of the king is why she went.
And David sent to Joab saying, send Uriah, the Hittite, under Joab, under Uriah.
I might have to speed this up, but what he did, he said, tell Uriah, you pull him off the battlefield, send him over there, tell him to spend two weeks with his wife, because she came to him and told him I'm with child.
He said, OK, I'm going to try to cover this up.
I got to cover this up.
I can't let nobody figure this out.
Only people that's going to know him, my guardsmen, go get him off the battlefield, send him in there, let him spend two weeks with her.
Then wait.
He'll think and everybody will think it's his.
Your eye has stood up and says, no, I got brother on the battlefield.
Spilling blood, I ain't doing that.
I'm not going to go and enjoy the pleasures of this life while my brother and her own field.
So what's David going to do now?
Oh my goodness gracious.
I tell you what, since he won't come here, send your eye out to the front line.
Send him to the front line in the battlefield where the battle was hot.
Whereas I got to finish up here.
I'll get back more into this.
I got a whole lot more to cover.
So when Uriah is murdered on the battlefield, he died in the battle, but he was only there because David had sent him there.
And I'm not going to have time to cover the repentance.
But as we talked about for the first hour, this lesson is that
If you're guilty in one area in your life outside of him.
If you curse, you're just as bad as him.
If you commit, you're just as bad as him.
If you do this, so it's easy.
I can't believe he did that.
I can't believe he said that.
Passing judgment on folks.
When God's looking at the heart, God says, David is a man after my own heart.
Now, what is God saying?
Are you an adult or a guy?
You're a little critter.
Are you a murderer?
No, that's not what God is saying.
God said, every single time David messed up, he owned it.
He said, Oh God, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry this happened.
I fell.
Will you forgive me?
To forgive other people the way that God forgives us when we fall.
Let me tell you some of this whole world will change.
I've got to stop and tell you something.
That David committed the worst of the worst in human eyes.
If I did something like that today, the church would crucify me.
But David said, Jesus said, I'm going to reign on the throne of David.
forever and forever and forever, because he is a man after my father's own heart.
But yet, he had 15 concubines, nine wives, 17 kids, murdered a daughter.
Yet he always said so.
Forgive me Lord, I fail.
I'm so sorry.
And what has God said?
Jesus seeks in this altar.
I don't have time to really cover this.
Lord, how many times should we forgive our brother?
Seven.
Oh, 70 times seven.
Because God forgets.
How many times has God forgiven us?
And that doesn't mean, right, 69, 68, 67,
66.
He's about 60 more, brother.
Oh, God says, if somebody from the hard-ass for forgiveness, you can tell if their heart is right.
You can tell if somebody's heart wants forgiveness.
God can too, because that's where God looks.
And I've got to close.
Forgiveness is in here.
And
I'm gonna have to finish this the next time, but I hope we got something out of it anyway.
I know I spent a lot of time in other areas, but I hope you got something out of it.
And the main thing you hope you got out of it is, if you're really interested in finding fault, like a lot of people are, they're focused on finding fault.
If we would just go to the mirror and focus on it, it'll keep us busy a whole long time.
We can stand in front of that mirror and find fault, after fault, after fault, after fault, and not worry about your fault.
I got too much in my own heart.
I've tried to make it, folks.
Just pray for each other.
Let's work as a church.
Let's just keep our hearts right with Him.
I can't keep your heart right.
I can keep mine right.
You listen to Deacon Danny Kahoot.
For more information,
Visit our website at pewfordroadbaptistchurch.com